[This drama is only for entertainment, characters in the drama,] [Actions, places, and incidents are fictitious.]
[I don't involve any organization,] [Professional or specific groups]
[Please listen rationally.]
[I'm just an ordinary person.]
[It's not perfect and outstanding.]
But for you,
I want to say that I've done my best
Whether you love me, care, ignore me ♪
It all depends on you and me
♪ I’ll stay here ♪ I'm not going anywhere
♪ Hold my hand and walk side by side ♪
If you look back
You'll have me and stay by your side
To the most determined oath with you
I'll give my heart to you right in front of me
Do you know what I said
I said I'll always take care of you
That will never change
[Love in the Land]
[Qinglai Residence]
[NUBANNUN Farm]
[Sam Rak Farm]
[CHOMCHAN Farm]
NUBANNUN Farm.
Master Wasperson is here.
I'm here to talk to you.
The marriage between Rose and my son, Wasu.
They grew up together.
Our farms are neighbors too.
If we become in-laws,
everything will be fine.
I think
it's better for Rose to make her own decision.
That means you don't want to
We've kept our promise.
I don't want to use my parents' promises.
to force your child.
I don't think we should break our promise.
It's better to hurt the harmony.
I'm famous in society too.
If Rose marries my son,
she'll have a good life.
I'm sorry, Wasperson.
No matter how many times you try,
my answer remains the same.
Do you have any evidence?
Here.
This is the master of Wasperson.
A photo of you taking those women to the border.
Lord Wasperson is very powerful.
We must be careful.
We need to find a trustworthy police officer.
Got it.
Din, listen to me carefully.
I'm investigating something very dangerous.
Is it the illegal production business of the owner of Wassupon?
Yes.
Send him to the neighboring country.
Lord Wasperson.
They want Wasu to marry Rose.
to get the Chimchon Farm.
The land near the river
It's used as a transport route.
I will help you.
Lord Wasperson is too powerful.
You can’t handle it alone.
Where are you now?
I'm on my way to the police station.
This is too dangerous. You shouldn't get involved in this.
I don't trust anyone but you.
If anything happens to me,
please take care of Rose for me.
Don't let Rose marry Wasu.
Promise me.
you will never leave your sister behind.
Okay.
I'll take care of Rose.
This is too dangerous. You shouldn't take the risk to get involved.
If anything happens to me,
please take care of Rose for me.
[Din]
Uncle Thep.
Din.
Rose...
Uncle Thep, don't worry.
I won't leave my sister alone. I promise.
Uncle Thep.
Uncle Thep!
Wake up, Uncle Thep!
[America New York]
Good morning.
Oh.
I made you a sandwich, honey.
Thank you so much.
I love you.
Me too.
Thank you.
Sandwich
Are you going to visit your dad in Thailand this year?
I'm thinking about it too.
Yes.
But I want to take you back.
If you like it...
We can live in Thailand together.
No, kid. My home is right here.
And I think
I don't want you to go back to Thailand so soon.
It's weird. You've graduated for so long.
your dad still refused to let you go back to Thailand.
I think there must be something behind this.
I know.
Does it hurt a lot?
A little.
It's okay.
[Dad]
Hey, why did you call so late today?
What?
Dad is in ICU.
Miss Rose.
[I miss you, Miss Rose.]
I miss you, Miss Rose.
How is my dad?
The doctor said he has cerebral edema.
so he needs an emergency surgery to extract the hemorrhaging in his brain.
The surgery is done.
but the doctor can't give us an exact answer.
When will Master wake up?
Even if he wakes up,
the doctor can't be sure.
what will happen to Master
And then...
What did the doctor say?
The doctor told his family to be prepared.
Dad.
Dad!
I'm here.
Dad, why did you let me...
You live so far away.
Because that's your mom's hometown.
Aunt Lauria lives there too.
And your mom will go with you.
What are you afraid of?
But without dad,
I have to stay here to take care of the farm for you.
When you succeed in your studies,
when you finish your studies.
and develop our farm, okay?
Come visit me every holiday.
Sure.
When you graduate,
the three of us will be reunited.
Yes, Dad.
Great.
You're the cutest, my daughter.
Mom left me behind.
Don't leave me again.
You must wake up.
Miss Rose.
Why don't you go back to the farm and take a rest?
I've cleaned up the room.
I want to stay here until dad wakes up.
Don't be willful. You just came back from a long trip.
Leave this to me.
If anything happens,
I'll call you right away.
I'd like to go to the police station first.
I want to follow up on my dad's case.
I want to know what happened to him.
You can ask Miss Din about that.
Miss Din went to the police station today.
Din...
It's from Sam Rak Farm.
Miss Din.
You used to play together when you were young.
Rose.
Don't you remember me?
Mr. Wasu.
It's the Nubanun Farm next door.
He's the son of the owner.
I'm your Wasu.
We used to play together when we were kids.
Oh, Wasu.
It's been a while.
How are you doing over there?
I'm fine.
Are you going to stay in Thailand for a long time?
Not yet.
About your dad.
I'll cheer for you.
Anyway, don't worry too much.
My dad is looking for a famous doctor.
Our families are so close.
Uncle Thep is like a senior to me.
I'll save him no matter what.
Thank you.
I'll take care of you from now on.
It's okay. I don't want to trouble you.
How could it be trouble, Rose?
We're all friends.
Did you just get off the plane?
Yes.
Let me take you home.
It's okay. I'm sorry to trouble you.
Don't be.
Your farm is always on my way home.
Besides, before the accident,
Uncle Thep told me
before the accident.
My dad?
Haven't we reached the farm yet?
We're almost there, Rose.
But I don't think this is the way back to the farm.
It's a shortcut. We can get there.
You haven't been back for a long time, so you don't know.
Rose, are you okay?
Din!
Open the door.
Open the door!
Go down and talk.
Rose, come with me.
Where are you taking Rose?
Where are you taking her?
I'm taking her home.
Are you sure this is the way home?
I'll take her for a ride.
She hasn't come back for a long time.
But I don't want to see anything.
I think you should go back to your farm.
If you don't want any trouble,
Don't interfere with my relationship with Rose.
Let go of Rose.
No.
If you want to do your best, try it.
Come on.
Uncle Thep told me to take care of Rose.
I won't let go no matter what.
Let go of Rose.
No.
Enough.
It's been years. Din and Wasu.
Why are you still fighting like a kid?
Then shoot.
Shoot me.
Are you not going to shoot?
For the sake of Rose,
I'll let you go today.
Get in, Rose. I'll give you a ride.
Thank you, but I want to go back by myself.
Rose, come back with me.
Rose.
Get in.
Din.
Oh.
Rose.
Don't cry. It's just a minor injury.
Sister Din, it hurts.
Let me take you to apply the ointment.
Move. I'll take care of Rose.
Rose, ride on my back.
I'll carry you home.
Brother Wasu.
I won't fall down like Din did.
You fell and got hurt.
Sister Din didn't hurt me.
I tripped myself.
Sister Din, what's wrong?
I blame myself for not being strong enough.
I can't carry you.
You're not as tall as Wasu,
but you're the gentlest and kindest person in the world.
One day, I will become strong.
I'll protect you. I swear.
I promise.
Why are you looking at me?
Well...
Am I not like when I was a kid
I still look the same.
But his personality changed a lot.
What?
You were different when you were young.
How dare you resist Wasu like that?
People change when they grow up. That's normal.
I moved to America when I was ten.
We haven't met...
14 years
Then why?
You can recognize me as Rose.
Uncle Thep.
You always brag about your photos.
I've been watching you.
Rose.
Sister Din, what are you doing?
I'm sorry.
It'll hurt a little.
The swelling will go down soon.
I can put it on my own later.
I heard from Most Dang that
You went to the police station?
How's Dad's case going?
The police checked the file and said it was an accident.
The police told me
the driver was careless.
But I don't believe it.
Why? Why don't you believe me?
I think it's strange.
The memory card in the dashcam is gone.
Did someone steal it?
I'm not sure.
When I arrived at the scene of the accident,
I was shocked, so I didn't notice.
Maybe I lost my memory card before that.
Maybe it was lost later.
So you were at the scene
you were there?
Yes, I was the first one to get there.
I called an ambulance and called the police.
and made a statement at the police station.
Din,
Do you think anyone is suspicious?
I can't accuse anyone yet.
But before the accident,
Uncle Thep called me.
He mentioned the owner of Wasperson.
to propose to you on behalf of Wasu.
But he refused.
I never knew about this.
At that time,
I was investigating something very important.
He told me to take care of you
he asked me to take care of you for him.
What?
It's only temporary until he wakes up.
Rose.
I hope you can go back and think about it.
Tell me if you have an answer.
Okay.
Rose, you know what?
The whole farm will be yours.
I can't take care of such a big farm alone.
I'm a girl. How can I beat others?
Rose, you know?
why dad named you Rose?
Rose is beautiful and fragile,
but roses have thorns.
It's for protecting ourselves.
to prevent others from hurting us.
And I believe
my daughter.
you will grow into a strong rose.
Yes Rose will be strong
You can protect yourself like a rose.
I'll be strong.
Take good care of this farm for dad.
Miss Rose.
Did something happen?
Miss Din called me to come back to see you.
Didn't Din tell you what happened?
Miss Din and Wasu had a fight.
Did she pull her gun out on the street?
I was surprised too.
Din and Wasu
You still don't get along with each other like when you were young?
Something like that.
NUBANNUN Farm.
Sam Rak Farm and our farm
These three lands are all next to each other.
So it's inevitable to have some friction and arguments.
But it's not just occasional. It happens often.
Miss Din's farm workers.
I often fight with the workers at Mr. Wasu's farm.
How are they now?
Tell me everything.
Are you talking about Din and Wasu?
Yes.
Both of you are pretty.
Most Dang. I mean personality.
Not their looks.
Talking about personality, they are two extremes.
Miss Din is a quiet person.
She likes to be alone and doesn't hang out with others.
And Mr. Wasu is a standard fighter.
Mr. Wasu.
He's a big shot here.
Because his father
The owner of Wasperson.
is the chairman of the Cheong-Lai Entrepreneur Association.
So everyone respected him.
The villagers were afraid of him.
Hello.
How have you been, sir?
Hello, Master.
Have you recovered?
I'm fine. I don't have a fever.
Tell me if you need anything.
Thank you, Master.
It's okay You're welcome
This is my granddaughter.
You’ve grown up.
Say hello to the Lord, you know?
Hello.
Right
Oh.
Yeah this
Buy some snacks.
I'll leave some for you.
You can use it if you see a doctor again.
Tell me if it's not enough.
Okay thank you
Okay.
Study hard.
I’m leaving. Bye.
Take care.
He’s kind and everyone loves him.
Bye.
But he is also powerful.
Whatever he says, no one dares to refute.
Even the county head and village head have to give him some respect.
What about our farm?
Our land and Sam Rak Farm.
NUBANNUN Farm is next to it.
Have you ever had a conflict with those two families?
There's nothing wrong with Sam Rak's farm.
Master and Miss Din are close.
Since Miss Din's father passed away,
Master has been taking care of Miss Din.
In Miss Din,
After taking over his father's farm,
Master has been teaching him how to run the farm.
Like this.
How can she do business planning?
It can...
the nutrients of vegetables.
It will be high, you know?
When the leaves grow,
you have to plant them in order.
When something happens
Two at a time.
Miss Din will come to ask you for advice.
Hello, uncle.
Oh, Din.
Hello. Have a seat.
Why are you here?
I'd like to know which type should I use.
Sure.
And whenever Master is in trouble,
Miss Din always helps.
Miss Din...
as the elder of the family.
Master also loves Miss Din very much.
After the accident,
since Master's accident.
he was taking care of our farm.
Din is really trustworthy, right?
She's different from the Din I knew before.
It's different.
Of course she's trustworthy.
What about Nubanun Farm?
Are you close with their family?
No problem.
These two farms usually walk around each other.
Before the accident,
They even came to the farm to look for Old Master.
What is he doing here?
I overheard it.
I heard it when I was passing by.
I think it's about you and Wasu.
Marriage.
Din told me about it too.
But if Dad...
She really wanted me to marry Wasu.
why didn't Dad ever tell me about this?
I think it's a little strange.
Thank you.
I will find a way to pay you back, Master.
Without your help,
My mom must be in a bad situation.
Wait, don't return it.
We're friends.
Tell me if you have any difficulties.
Go, go.
Thank you.
Did they come to ask for money again?
Dad, you're really enjoying the money.
Just give it to them.
These people
Just give them some money.
will be obedient like dogs.
It'll be easier for us to order them around.
Yes.
I heard you went to the hospital.
Did you see Rose?
Yes dad
Rose
It's pretty. I like it.
What's her attitude towards you?
Is our plan possible?
Rose is still worried.
About Uncle Thep,
So I didn't dare to take the initiative.
We don't have much time.
You have to make Rose fall in love with you.
I'm afraid it won't be that easy, dad.
I wanted to buy some time with my car
so I could talk to Rose for a while.
In the end, Din had to get involved.
She said,
Uncle Thep told her to take care of Rose.
I wonder if Rose will believe her.
Just tell Rose.
She said you're her fiance.
It's a marriage arranged by two elders.
Will Rose believe me?
If I said Rose would believe me.
Kaeyew, you can go back first.
I’ll stay here for a while.
Okay.
Is something bothering you lately, Din?
I have something to deal with.
I have a lot to think about.
Because...
Is it about the Lord of Theakon?
Yes.
I'm sure it wasn't an accident.
But we have no evidence.
And the dashcam is gone.
I must find out the truth.
But for the time being,
for Uncle Thep.
I'm going to work at Choomhan's farm.
Please take care of our own farm.
Don't worry, Miss Din. Go ahead.
Although Miss Rose is back,
But she might not be able to help much.
Thank you so much.
With you, my work is much easier.
But Din,
You have to go to Chiang Mai to talk about work.
Okay.
I’m leaving.
Hello, Lom.
I need your help.
Your men must have destroyed all the evidence.
Tell your men to get ready.
If everything goes well,
we'll be in big trouble soon.
That old man knows everything.
If we just leave him like this,
What if he wakes up?
we'll be in trouble, Dad.
If we do it now,
the police will immediately notice it wasn't an accident.
That's too risky.
Why don't you just die?
What a tough life.
When he wakes up, he'll die.
Yes, Miss Din.
[Did everything go well?]
How's Rose?
Is everything going well?
Yes.
Miss Rose went to bed
and went to bed as soon as it got dark.
Is there anything unusual?
No.
Before you go to bed,
before you go to bed.
Call me if anything happens.
Don't bother me.
Okay.
Miss Din, if you're so worried,
why don't we move in together?
Don't worry, Din.
I'll patrol and check every hour.
Thank you.
Okay.
My mouth is so annoying.
You can check again.
My mouth is so fast.
Ah, ghost.
I've never been in a relationship before.
Don't do anything to me. I'm scared.
It's me, Most Dang.
Oh, it's Miss Rose.
You scared me.
I can't sleep. I'm hungry.
So I came down to find something to eat.
Maybe the jet lag didn't reverse.
Then why didn't you turn on the light?
Why are you sneaking around?
Actually, you can tell me.
I'll bring it up for you.
It's okay.
But
Why is the fridge full of my favorite food?
I didn't buy it.
When Miss Din knew you were going back to Thailand,
she bought a lot of cakes.
The cake you were going to eat
was also bought by Din.
Why are you so nice to me?
Did you drug me?
No. Trust me.
Miss Din is so pretty.
She must be a good person.
Do you want anything else?
Yes.
Where is the locker I used to have?
I couldn't find it in my room.
I think it's in the storage room.
I'll get it for you
Okay.
I haven't been back for a long time.
So I want to recall some old memories.
But this is dirty.
Should I clean it up for you?
It's okay.
It's still here.
Dad left everything for me.
What kind of doll is this?
The stitches are ugly.
It's a doll from childhood.
It broke its arm when I was young.
I wrapped it with tape, but it didn't get fixed.
So Din took it to fix it for me.
It's like this now.
Ah, Miss Din did it.
Can I take back what I said just now?
I fixed it for you.
Sister Din is amazing.
What do you want to play today, Rose?
I want to play Princess Prince's game.
But Brother Wasu has gone home.
Now there's only a princess and no prince.
Sister Din will be my prince.
But I'm a girl.
How can a girl be a prince?
So what?
A girl can be a prince too.
Sister Din is so handsome.
I've dressed you up as a prince. What's next?
The princess and the prince are getting married.
Huh?
Can a prince marry a princess from the Land of Rose?
How can a princess propose to a prince?
Hum, Din.
Get married.
Kneel down.
This is Princess Rose's token.
If the prince is willing to accept the princess,
please accept this rose.
I'll take care of Rose myself.
You'll have me and stay by your side
To the most determined oath with you
I'll give my heart to you right in front of me
Do you know what I said
I said I'll always take care of you
[That will never change.]
The police have been watching us closely these days.
[In the next episode]
The land by the water
is our only way out.
You know what I mean, right?
In any case, we'll be a family.
I want to fulfill my promise to your father.
Rose, what do you think?
Move to Sam. Rak's farm is with me.
You want me to move to Sam Rak's farm?
Everyone and I will protect Rose.
Unless Rose tells me to leave.
I won't stop taking care of Rose.
I want to stay with Din and let her take care of me.
Your touch lights the fire
Your warm hug
Let me calm like a wave
The breeze gently makes me want to fly
You make me feel at ease
Tranquility and safety
Hold my hand and believe
I'll stay by your side
♪ To experience what will happen ♪
No matter it's dark, day or day in my arms ♪
♪ You and me ♪
With our love and destiny
From now on
I'll always be with you
[Love in the Land]